Submit your confessions anonymously here: http://bit.do/nyuadconfessions
 Hey guys, 
 For better or worse, Confessions is a platform for all of us to express our concerns and open up valid discussions with the bittersweet comfort of anonymity. As the admins, we understand and respect the space this platform occupies in our community dialogue and we… More try to post as freely as we can. That being said, the inherent anonymity of our posts mean that sometimes, we can’t take action or help each other even though we want to. 
 Because of this, we decided to compile the resources available to the student community that NYUAD offers. If we could, we would reach out and hug everyone who is struggling and… More
#3423: Can we please talk about the "for display only" plates of food that recently appeared on the D2 counters? I'm pretty sure they put up new food there everyday and with all due respect, we are not blind, we can see what they've got there and this is just such waste of food...
#3422:
#3421: NYUAD kids are super possessive and obsessive than NYU kids. Don’t even get me started with the men here. First all they are all pussies and are too afraid to approach us and they are only best at staring from extended period of time and the moment you approach them they literally act “too cool” but yet you still DM us privately on Instagram. STOP STARING AND START TALKING!
#3420: I feel like a fraud. Everyone in this university seems very keen on having a political discourse, and yet here I am, choosing to consistently shy away from anything that would require me to take a stance. I find it really difficult to muster up the courage and voice my opinions on certain issues in public, especially when I know that… More whatever I say, or whichever “side” I pick, could possibly hurt my relationships with other people. I know, for instance, that I support the rights and freedom of individuals to engage in a civil union with anyone, whoever it is, even if the person is of the same sex. And yet I refuse, every time I am confronted with the question of same-sex marriage, to… More
#3419: I might want to take this semester off. I am having a pretty difficult time with severe depression. Can I still take the semester break? Is there a deadline for that?
#3418: People on campus remind me of tumblr so much and I hate it
#3417: Thank you PSA for this perfect template..
#3416: just a confession from a longing alum:
#3415: Overheard at the Marketplace: "Man...Girls are temporary you know? Only guys will stay with you forever."
#3414: Why? Why did it have to be me? Why God? Why did you pick ME? Out of everyone in this world, I…..I am chosen to carry these burdens on my so called “journey”. Is it for your viewing pleasure? Is it to see if I can handle all this pain and suffering? What is it for? Tell me! Give me a sign! I NEED A SIGN! I cant possibly go through my life… More like this. Being the odd one out. Being different from everybody else. Being told that it’s all in my head and I could change my ways. Why God? Why did I have to be a homosexual? Why did I have to be apart of a religion that goes against people like me? Why are you teasing me like this? Creating an environment that makes me embrace my true self only… More
#3413: I get it that TASHAN has planned Holi for a few months, but can we not celebrate this festival given what's happening right now in Kashmir??? It's a distraction from an issue that should be our focus right now. Pakistan & India were bombing each other so please excuse me if I don't feel comfortable to show up with a joyous face
#3412: I found this article interesting, as it discussions the ethnic diversity among the Emirati population, their cultural roots, and the way that citizenship--much more than color or heritage--defines… More Emiratis and their self-perception as "Arab". At least, to an extent, as it touches on how discrimination still occurs. No points to make here, just some interesting reading for those of us who know little on this, and perhaps a good conversation starter for the Emirati students on campus to share their perspective :)  https://www.opendemocracy.net/beyondslavery/bts-anonymous/the-multiple-roots-of-emiratiness
 **This is definitely the wrong forum, but I don't want any pseudo-criticisms made on my intentions on sharing this. Just thought it was a good read.**
#3411: Every morning when I shower I put as much shampoo on the ground as I can, in hopes of slipping and cracking my head open so I don't have to go to Rachel Brulé's intro to comparative government class.
#3410:  Worst part of study away: winter. Best part of study away: winter.
#3409: Am I the only one concerned that each year for Pakistani wedding we have a Pakistani guy and some white girl?
#3408: I'm a girl in a very happy, healthy, long-term relationship with my boyfriend. I know I love him to bits, but I can't help think sometimes that I may be happier and even more in love with a girl. I have always doubted I'm bisexual, and the very happy fantasies in my head about being loved by a girl just won't go away sometimes. It's killing me because I wouldn't leave my boyfriend for anything.
#3407: It makes no sense that two of my friends can’t get along. They both like me. Why can’t they bond over that?
#3406: Another alumni asking that you appreciate NYUAD. Life after it is dull and harsh. No one will love you like NYUAD did.  PS dining hall food is great
#3405: I graduated two years ago from a pretty good university in America. I'm still unemployed, I moved back in with my parents and I have no idea what I'm doing with my life. I often come to NYUAD for events but it always brings back memories of my negative experience in college. I had no friends or relationships and I was so so alone in a big… More city. Only now I realize that I was suffering from severe depression and anxiety. (And I mean locking myself up in my dorm for days, bingeing, drinking, crying, talking to myself, avoiding classes/ large crowds/ public transportation. My only human contact was through hook-up apps that left me hating myself more] Even though i'm a bit healthier now… More
#3403: Overheard at NYUAD:  A: It's kinda funny. I first bumped into him at the gym. B: I can never A: It's alright. I'm sure yoou'll find someo-- B: Gym A: What B: I can never go to the gym
#3402: I think the idea behind the candidate weekend is insignificant, it raises students' egos so much and creates such a sense of devastation in the ones who were not invited. If they truly and really want to hold a candidate weekend, they should do so after the final decision of acceptance or rejection has been received in order to 'give… More students a taste of how life is really like' and 'explore the campus'. So really if that is what they want, why not do it to the students who will be accepted? what is the point of giving so much hope to a student when there's a slight chance that they'll be rejected?
#3401: I'm already drained off completely - graduating in about two months and I have no idea what I'm doing next. It's sometimes better not to have a plan than having one and something going wrong last minute! Great! But, thinking how ~70% of 2019 Class does not have jobs secured is scary - market here is going down, professors rejecting us for… More research saying "you're graduating in May - bring your own funding and I can "employ'' you" - dude, for f*** sake, really? Am I going to ask you to employ me knowing that I'm graduating and have no money?
 Why are some people (professors) so inhumane? -It's not that I'm complaining, it's me trying to be realistic - they were once in our shoes and need… More
#3400: Who can we petition to add NYUAD to the list of universities on Tinder
#3399:
#3398: Instead of buying fucking timbits every Tuesday, CDC could work on funding more opportunities, and work on OCR or anything that helps NYUAD not get rejected before interviews 😉
#3397: KPOP Atitude classes remind me of how much my body and mind are not in sync.
#3396: I will leave everything and everyone when I fail, nothing ever goes in my favor.
#3395: From a recent grad: no other institution in the world would do as much as NYUAD does for you. Whenever I tell people I meet that I paid 0  and still got my studies, food, travel, stipends covered, with study abroad semester, while owing nothing to the country that paid for it, people have hard time believing me. Because it is simply unique. … More
 Please appreciate that the administration is open to your feedback and cares about your well being - in most institutions, if you don't like dining hall food, you just go eat somewhere else. Please appreciate the amazing student body you have,  you will having these global, intercultural conversations. 
 And guess what else? Part of me even misses the Core classes, because you realize how freaking cool were the topics we discussed.
#3394: I am really allergic to cats. Like REALLY allergic. Any place they have been, I will know as I will get reactions instantly. My classes are in the building where they frequent. I have to bring my work elsewhere just so I don't experience any reactions, but unfortunately, most of the equipment I need are in the building. Is there a way we can keep them out of the building at least while it's not scorching hot outside? I am posting this anonymously in fear of hate from the cat lovers on campus.
#3393: I feel like I've gotten stupid after getting into University
#3392: who's the genius who thought having three screens is better than one
#3391: That moment in FOS 1/2 when you hears moans in the last row during Andy's lecture
#3390:  what they say: "alternatives to an internship!" what they mean: "budget cuts""
#3389: Okay. Here goes. I always thought there would always be a shot for love on this campus. I don't know. Maybe I haven't looked hard enough or if I'm good enough to love. Somewhere along the line of being a friend and a good person, I guess I lost or never understood what I needed to be in order to be in a relationship. Now don't get me wrong. I am not perfect nor do I see myself as perfect. But I still don't know what I am doing wrong.
#3388: At this point I expect NYUAD to pay for my grad school
#3387: Overheard at D2:  “You know I have a huge crush on her” “You know she’s gay”
