"After spending some years at NYUAD, I've come to understand what it is about this place and being here that often drives us crazy. I have lost count of the number of times I've heard people say that coming here has been great but they've actually become less confident than what they used to be in high school. After interacting with many,… More many people and having the deepest of introspections I have come to realize the following:  You can't be everything. You can and should play another octave, but you can't play every octave. Find one or two things you like and enjoy doing and use the university's resources to become better at it. I know that people who are highly regarded here… More
"Can us girls compile a list of trashy guys who have cheated on their girlfriends so we can keep our hearts safe and save time? "
"accidentally sent my crush the link to a pornhub video when I meant to send a YouTube video. crush, if you're reading this, I swear I'm not a creep (and I don't have a foot fetish). please unblock me. :(
and now that you know, want to go out sometime? "
"I feel like a loser posting this during spring break but I really need a study partner over the break because of all the work. Zero motivation to work but really need to power through it for - hours a day. Please comment and I'll PM you. "
"I want a Korean boyfriend. Tag your hot Korean friend and I'll pm."
"Huge shoutout to all my island peoples. I swear these ppl be the chillest, friendliest peeps on this campus. Super approachable as well. But one thing is for sure, you get on their nerves and they coming for ya! 😂 still alotta love for them. Tag your island friends , Imma try to see something real quick. "
"Rama, we barely talk but you are one of the sweetest people on campus. Every conversation has made my day a little brighter and I wish I had more excuses/opportunities to hang out with you. Never loose that smile! "
"10/10 would tap Hani hasani "
"The first poster I saw when I came to this godforsaken campus was the "Doggy Distress" day. And not once in my semester and a half here have I 'doggy distressed'.
I am vexed. "
"Shoutout to the Montenegro guys on campus. Damn boys, you tall and beautiful!! "
"How big is the Wasla Festival in Dubai? Will NYUAD ever have someone performing there? "
"Disclaimer: this is a work of pure fan fiction. There are humorous elements that seem offensive to some. While I try my best to avoid offending my readers, I sincerely apologize if anyone is offended, as offense is not the focal point of this fiction. Regardless, any relations to real people or events is purely coincidental and is a result… More of an overactive imagination. Happy Reading!
Forbidden Love: An NYUAD Original Love Story
Chapter : Failed Love, Part 
The next morning, Usman woke up feeling happy. It was the weekend, no responsibilities, and best of all, he could spend all day talking to Paula. Once he got dressed, he started texting her, and pretty soon, what started as a… More
"Who thinks the NYUAD love story pieces should stop? 
Yes = Like No = Love "
"The NYUAD love story is one of the worst pieces of writing I’ve ever read. I didn’t know that something could be that poorly written. "
"(o)h, the (c)ruelty "
"I miss my mother "
"Disclaimer: this is a work of pure fan fiction. There are humorous elements that seem offensive to some. While I try my best to avoid offending my readers, I sincerely apologize if anyone is offended, as offense is not the focal point of this fiction. Regardless, any relations to real people or events is purely coincidental and is a result… More of an overactive imagination. Happy Reading!
Forbidden Love: An NYUAD Original Love Story
Chapter : What up, Bruh? Part 
As Usman and Paula looked at each other’s eyes, time seemed to slow down. There was only the present as with each passing second, they both grew more in love with each other.
“Usman.” “Paula.”
Nicole broke the “awkward”… More
"Carol Wan, you’re so beautiful it’s impossible not to blush when i look at you "
"Why is this page stuck on #????????? "
"Hey there NYUAD staff reading this page, we aren’t allowed to tell you you’re cute but you know you’re adorable. Can’t do nothing without you : "
"Rend Beiruti I miss you. During my time here in Abu Dhabi I have tried to continue what you did - pass traditions from upperclasmen to freshmen. Lets see whether it works next year when I will be there for a whole year. To me you are what NYUAD is. "
"Who is writing the scripts of the mock wedding? Please reveal yourself. I promise you AED "
"Chapter : Finding Paula
After finding out the identity of the cute girl at the gym, Usman was ecstatic. 
“Thank you. Do you know where to find her?” asked Usman. 
“Unfortunately, no. But I can tell you this. She should like you for you, so just be yourself.” responded the mystery man while reminiscing about his former love.
Grateful,… More Usman responded to the mystery man. “Good advice. Ansar, I’m going to the library. Wanna come?”
Ansar looked up from his laptop and shook his head. Usman took that as a no and went to the library. As the mystery man bid farewell to Ansar, he turned around and ran into Meera and Eyza. 
“H- Hey Meera. Hey Eyza.” The mystery man always got a bit flustered… More
" I just wanted to thank everyone for the positive feedback on Forbidden Love: An NYUAD Original Love Story. As a result, I’m releasing chapters  and  today. Enjoy!
Disclaimer: this is a work of pure fan fiction. There are humorous elements that seem offensive to some. While I try my best to avoid offending my readers, I sincerely… More apologize if anyone is offended, as offense is not the focal point of this fiction. Regardless, any relations to real people or events is purely coincidental and is a result of an overactive imagination. Happy Reading!
Forbidden Love: An NYUAD Original Love Story
Chapter : Hopelessly Devoted To You
After the events at the gym, Paula needed to vent out her… More
" Disclaimer: this is a work of pure fan fiction. Any relations to real people or events is purely coincidental and not intended.
Forbidden Love: An NYUAD Original Love Story
Chapter : What Up, Bruh!
Paula hid behind her brother as he glared protectively at Usman. Even though she loved her brother, he can be a real pain sometimes.
 More Meanwhile, Usman was metaphorically shitting his pants at the sight of her brother. Despite his slightly shorter frame, the dude was jacked. Usman realized that this man could snap him like a twig with minimal effort. 
“Whatchu think you’re doing, bruh?” 
Nervously, Usman responded with, “I-I- was just saying hi.”
Paula’s spirits were dashed. “I run into… More
"Georgia-leigh Hewitt,
I have had a crush on you ever since the first day we saw each other. The smile you always give me, your beautiful accent and everything else about you is on point. Although we have never hung out with each other as friends, the small conversations we have every now and then are the highlights of my year. I really want to date you if you're currently available.
Plot twist : I am a /
Sincerely, Your secret admirer "
"Guys, We are pampered so much in this institution. I'm now so scared to go to the outside world. "
"Thank you to Dongari the   Korean SIG for the surprise sweet treats. You made my day💓 "
"To the person who was playing Chopin Ballade No. in G minor today in room , It is my favorite piano piece. Thank you for playing it. I enjoyed listening 😆 "
"To Lulu: I'm a girl, we're not that close but i just saw your latest picture and YOU HAVE A VERY BEAUTIFUL AND GENUINE SMILE! never knew inner beauty could radiate through Instagram "
"To the person who wrote :
Tell me the nickname you called me somehow (find a way to do it anonymously, or through someone) and I'll talk to you if you want. Wallah. "
"Shoutout to Professor Leonard for being the best math professor on this campus! "
"I’ll miss you so much when you’re studying away. The closer we are to the end of this semester, the more I think about it. "
"Alia Jallaf, you don’t know me that well, but I just wanted to let you know that I think you’re really pretty and that I’d like to get to know you "
"Steffen Holter is so tall, like hot damn I want to climb you like a tree ;) "
"So this is a very difficult matter for me but I can't hold back anymore. One of my closest friends in university is a bully. Not to me or anyone within our group of friends but this person targets some people that we know could not answer back. Some of our other mutual friends noticed but no one said or acted against the harassment that our friend infers. I would like some insight into how to act  because I cannot stay silent any longer knowing that our friend willingly hurts other people and doesn't think twice about it. "
"To the girl in the orange croptop in the library - you gave my sore eyes a much needed break "
"To the girl who has her side head shaped, you are like WOW how do you even manage your cuteness?!!? this is crazy I really can't take my eyes off you!!! "
"women with curly hair are something else I can't even describe it "
"afra mazroi, you are gorgeous, keep stealing the light. "
"Riva I am so attracted to you but I don't know how to come up to you and say it so I'm posting it here. You are gorgeous and I wish I could tell you in person. "
"Who was listening loudly today to "Isabel" by The Wombats? (close to ab, aa?) Was happy to hear it from my room. "
"Why has there never been a black bride/groom in the Pakistani Mock Wedding? "
"Dana, let's break that silence "
"Who is Hannah Melville-Rea with? Pleaaaaase tell me she's single!!! "
"Luis Carlos Soto when you look at me with your Guatemalan coffee-colored eyes i melt "
"Freddie Mercury/Rami Malek, you are the love of my life. God bless you both. Beautiful inside and out. "
"maya morsli - I don’t know you well, but you have amazing eyebrows and seeing you makes me smile each time "
"Disclaimer: this is a work of pure fan fiction loosely based on the comic strip of the upcoming Pakistani wedding. Any relations to real people or events is purely coincidental and not intended.
Forbidden Love: An NYUAD Original Love Story
Chapter : Working Out?
It was a normal evening. Paula was at the gym, curling a pair of dumbbells,… More focused on getting strong. “, , !” Paula said with a sigh of relief as the dumbbells dropped. Soon as that happened, she went to retrieve a kettlebell, while simultaneously planning out the rest of the day.
Meanwhile, Usman was running on the treadmill, following his regular gym routine. After wrapping up his run, he went to the kettlebells as… More
"Major shoutouts to the Sheikh and the UAE for hosting us. Can't put my sincere appreciation in words. God bless NYU, the person paying my tuition fees, and the country hosting me < "
"Praggya - you are the cutes girl on this campus. I am too shy to talk to you, but are you single??? "
"Andrew Riad you are the person that NYUAD needed. Bringing joy, charm and humour to our everyday lives. Thank you ! "
"yeah getting rejected by the love of your life is sad and all but you ever gone up to your room and been thirsty and then realized you got no water and gotta go back to the nd floor to get some. "
"The campus cats instagram is the best thing that has ever happened to this university "
"i crushed on this girl for the first semester of my freshmen year. I would always see her around and she would always catch my attention but never had the chance to appraoch her. Three weeks ago, on valentines, I took a shot. Since then, we’ve been texting everyday. there isnt a day that goes without having her in my life. I’m in the best… More position I have been in a while and everyday feels like a dream to me. I wake up excited to see and talk to her and I somehow feel she feels the same way too. I wish I can go back in time to tell myself to talk to her faster.
To the guys, just shoot your shot. our time here is temporary and the right girl will change your time here for good. Just do it mate. "
"Overheard in D: underclassmen should seriously stop asking how I feel about graduating. I'm not their friggin reality show celebrity. I'm just trying to ignore reality. "
"Elena Sepetovska, you're a sunshine. "
"Hala Aqel,  you're honestly the prettiest girl on campus. I don't know you personally but you make me smile each time I see you walk by. I hope you have a great day. "
"You know you're a true global leader when you start saying “nǐ hǎo habibi” and “yallah zaì jìan” "
"Midterm szn reacts only "
"when it’s time to apply to that summer internship but you didn’t do so hot this last semester "
"when they ignore your texts but you see them eating at D "
"True "
"Shoutout to the chairs at NYUAD, especially the library ones. I haven't sat on a comfortable chair in a month. "
"That sad moment when the RAs on the highline are playing better music than most parties on campus... "
"how do I ask my RA to write up my RA for the party I saw him at last night "
"The difference between a FoS-/ and FoS-/ engineering student. "
"Please like this post if: .You agree that paula (freshmen) is both beautiful inside and outside . Is too humble to become aware of this and should start to see it
You're mesmerizing "
"Ian Hoyt: you are one of the weirdest, most articulate and most caring people I can think of, And your Gazelle article on Candidate Weekend was hilarious. Never change < "
"Motivational saying for y'all during midterms season "
"Tsion Solomon I wish you a happy birthday you adorable human being :) "
"To Hannah Melville Rea,
You're a beautiful person inside and out, and it's always a delight to have conversations with you Thanks for being so amazing! There should be more people like you in this world... "
"too real "
"they tried 😢 "
"Enrique Wing, The posts you share on Facebook make my day. I hope you always have something to brighten your days as well. "
"One of the best comebacks in this page "
"If you’re majoring in SRPP and don’t have a . GPA then shame on you "
"Lucky You 🛫 "
"Twoba, you are such an amazing person. i"m so sad that you're about to leave.. :( "
"Zuzy, you always manage to make my day with your amazing smile and bright personality... please notice me "
"Y’all better step up and make street cat a student ID "
"Girl: "Oh, you only have a . GPA?" *Laughs in . GPA*
"Jay Lee, you are one of the kindest, most warm-hearted people I've met. Thanks for always being such a good guy. "
"Van everytime that I have seen you dance you make my heart skip a beat "
"May Baho and the rest of that bougie espresso-drinking crowd, can we be friends? "
"A pornstar sent me a friend request and took it away before I could respond. Appreciate what you have while you have it. "
"Guys! I personally believe that respecting a woman's decision is the best way to react when you are rejected. No need to be pushy: Just face the fact that not everyone is going to like each other and move on with your life. I thought I'd share this with y'all "
"I’m really sad to realize I actually don’t have many friends here. Whenever they need me, they always message me, especially for class, homework and maybe sometimes lunch. Whenever it’s a weekend, they completely forget about me and don’t reply to my messages because they are in with some party people. Then I see them on multiple parties on Snapchat stories. It really sucks to be an upperclassmen and spend the weekend nights in your room, lonely...  "
"Jacinta Hu, I can't wait for you to brighten up the Unix Lab with your smile :) "
"To the kindest, most soft-hearted, happiness-spreading, cutest, most amazing human being on this campus:
Thank you for being such a lifting spirit to everyone around you and this entire campus. Thank you for going out of your way to be kind and nice. Thank you for being so passionate about squash that it inspires me! 
Jaida, Happy birthday. I wish you a long and happy life and a great day. "
"Miren is the nicest person on campus. Change my mind. "
"If Mahmoud Salah has a hundred friends, then I'm one of them. If Mahmoud Salah has just one friend, then I'm that one. If Mahmoud Salah has no friends, that means I'm dead! For better, for worse, I will always love and support you! Even if the whole world stands against you, I will fight for you! "
"Yaman Garg,  You're a very considerate human being. "
"Reema,  you have a beautiful soul "
"When you hold the door for  person and it ends up being  students,  faculties,  soccer team guys,  and the stampede that killed Mufasa. And then you wonder why I am always late for breakfast and my morning classes "
"I’m soooo done with nyuad ppl hating on New York kids - to an extent where they generalize all of them as rich ignorant stupid kids and never try to interact with them during study away. If you react to difference with hatred you’re no better than trump supporting republicans tryna build walls smh "
"I overslept and didn’t get to go to the gym. That’s three years in a row now. Graduating this year. I’ll try again tomorrow. "
"(Freshman) Mazen, you are the nicest bundle of joy i've ever met. You're so cheerful and funny i love it. Stay exactly how you are because its amazing. "
"Suck-up Student: Professor! How do you know so much? Professor: Are you jealous?
Rest of the Class: Woooooooo  "
"Me in every humanities class paper "
"Say what you want about studying away or being at NYUAD, but hot damn is it refreshing to be able to just walk into a store and buy a goddamn vibrator again "
"Dear person who wrote the Gazelle article "It's Called North Macedonia, Not Macedonia",
You are telling Macedonians they can't call themselves Macedonians because they are not Greek and it is offensive to you !?
I would like to see you take a andMe, I wonder how  year long Turkish rule treated your "Greekness". "
"REACH, you guys are the fucking best. I'll just leave it at that "
"the most frequent lie I hear in nyuad is people saying "asking for a friend" on ROR 😂 "
"My study away semester made me realise how much I miss Abu Dhabi and NYUAD and the kindness and compassion that engulfed me at all times like a big, warm blanket of care. It made me realise just how nice Emiratis are as 'locals'. I realised how lucky I was to be able to live in a city like this without having to worry about money. Thank you, NYUAD. There will never be enough reasons to thank you. :) "
"me eating breakfast at D on valentines day
"Okay but can we talk about friend crushes? Do people get them as often as I do? Like, you look at/ meet someone and you think, "oh my GOD I wanna be friends with them!" I'm at a study away site and there's this person I desperately wanna be friends with. I text them and we've hung out a couple of times, and when we do, all is good. But I… More always get this nagging feeling that they just wish I'd leave them alone, mainly because if I don't text or suggest we go out, they don't either. I'm always the one to start the conversation. Is there anything I should do? "
"To the dear cutie that left a mint gum stuck to the bottom of a desk at E this Monday evening,
My gratitude to you is ineffable! You know, before you happened to me, I used to think that I was staggering from all the shit that fell on my shoulders. How wrong I was! Your frivolity with the gum took the wool off my eyes, unveiling how… More much free time I indeed have to go around campus in attempts to find a cleaning service just to finally hear that the fabric my pants were made from cannot be dry cleaned. I used to think that the amount of my problems has reached the apogee; apparently, I still have some extra stress space left. Now my pants with a sticky gum do not just symbolize my despair and distress, they also act as an eternal idol of our new-born relationship. You might think this was a sarcasm, nay thingy vailed contempt, but I will be honest: this gum will firmly hold our mutual love till the very moment I find you and stick it into your throat in hopes of seeing you suffocating. 
i revere you and weep for the NYUAD community, sincerely, a guy with no pants "
"Yara Massoud, when I see you, sky turns a little brighter. "
"I don't mimd being alone on Valentine's Day but no Nutella in convenience store at the same time? What kind of torture is that?!  "
"Dino Kolonic, please kolonize me. "
"It seems like everyone has someone for Valentines Day :|  at least I have these campus cats to keep me company when I am having my meals alone on Valentines Day. shoutout to the amazing campus cats. Y'all the real MVPs. "
"I have little trust in people who don't use oxford commas "
"Lets all try to pat more cats, chat to the staff and kids, meet more people in the dining hall, savour our books and readings and time with friends, lie doing nothing on the highline grass in this glorious weather, and just be appreciative of the people and things around us. In general get back to our senses and our physical space. Much love to everyone and this beautiful planet and campus. "
"Whoever is f***ing in AA, th floor, ITS EFFING LOUD SO STFU. No need to have raging intercourse at am. I can’t sleep. Seriously I am going to report you soon "
"I was typing romantic; somehow, it turned into ramontic. I guess they have the same meaning ;) "
"If you like someone, ASK THEM OUT. Yes, it's easier said than done but time moves ahead even if you don't. Take the limited shots you get! "
"I feel like the one good thing about NYUAD is that at least it's so new I don't have to worry about there being any ghosts. "
"Museera, how do you look so on point / you’re so wholesome it makes my day better. "
"Those people cheating on their partners while they're gone need to CHILL smfh. At least respect them enough to break up. No need to be a terrible person. "
"It's been only a week abroad and I am already spoiled with freedom and endless opportunities life has to offer me. My classes excite me and I admire professors' expertise. People are more friendly and relaxed here so I forgot what anxiety of speaking up in class is. I am going out regularly and, in fact, every day I am doing a couple of… More exciting things that push me out of the comfort zone. Here, I've developed a lot more connections -- with both nyuny kids and locals -- than I cumulatively did on campus. What's more, I think I might have found "the one." Now that I've got a grasp of this life, I don't think I want to go back to Abu Dhabi. Not because I don't like it there but because I want to be my own person who does not feel imprisoned in the Saadiyat bubble with a bunch of overly competitive quick-witted kinds. "
"In the first class at NYU London we all had to say one word that comes to mind when thinking about Britain - AD global leaders’ answers were imperialism and colonialism "
"I can't wait for to leave London. It's cold all the time and depressing as hell and the girls here are pompous af. I can't afford half this crap  NYUAD I want backk "
"Your professor pretending to be impressed with your work after you did the bare minimum. "
"Sofija Jancheska when I see you, all the world is so dull because you are quintessention of light and life! "
"Online dating Racial Bias. Kinda true, right? Love Reacts = Agree ; Laughing = Disagree. "
"If we care about enviornment so much, let’s NOT be vegan.  . You eat spinach -> less oxygen cuz you destroy plants.  . You kill animals to eat them -> they don’t consume oxygen = more oxygen. "
"When you’re in a med school and realise that you’re paid per article published in the medical journal "
"tbh the only disappointing thing about studying away is having to interact with nyuny people "
"reaction reacts only "
"Aizaz, I hope you find no one in Florence, because I WANT YOU! "
"Lucius Lambert, I am lucky to call you my friend. Not only are you one of the most articulate and well-read friends I've got, you have consistently shown your kindness and embrace during my time at NYUAD. You teach us all that being very smart as well as extremely nice are compatible qualities. Thank you. "
"Seeing people in tel aviv posting about how wonderful or tranquil life there is pisses me off. "
"I think everyone should experience FOS just for the liberation one feels when one inevitably quits "
"My standards are way too high for the face and body that I have "
"Should NYUAD introduce this ? Heart = YES Like = NO "
"I was a completely and utter wreck last semester, emotionally and physically. Nonexistent sleeping cycle, always had + meal swipes left to waste, skipped the majority of my classes, diagnosed depression and anxiety... you name it. Oh, and attempting to compensate for emotional comfort by temporary physical intimacy (yeah, basically I… More fucked around, but the Writer in me wanted to flex). In accordance to my health, my academics were, unsurprisingly, also a mess; I ended Fall  with two Incompletes and received an email from Chuck Grim that I was on academic probation because I only earned  credits. I hated who I had become, but didn't know how to fix it because everything… More
"The average NYUAD student "
"Truer words have never been spoken "
"Overheard outside A: Person A: "I thought you didn't want to have sex until marriage" Person B: "Well I don't know, she's Muslim and I'm Muslim so I think it's halal" "
"CONTROVERSIAL WRITING TIP: open a document and start writing "
"We all have that one prof "
"NYU is just subpar NYUAD "
"Study abroad reaccss only "
"Shout out to the D&I students! I am very impressed with your work!  Praise God for amazing lecturers like Matt who have revolutionized the program over the years.  D&I could be the end or the beginning, so please make it the beginning. Please don't wait till your capstone before you step in the SuperLab!  Keep innovating, NYUAD pride! "
"What my friends think I have for breakfast at NYUAD "
"not sure where to go this break? Don't worry I can help choosing "
"True Facts "
"Can we all just take a moment to appreciate what amazing job all the outstanding people behind the Student Theater Production did such as the incredible Creative/Design Team - the wonderful directors Ethan and Vicky, the one of a kind stage managers Lily & Isabel, the awesome lightning and sound designers Zain,Ayesha,Sreerag and Shin Won… More Kim; and, of course - my personal favorites - the best costume designers ever Shenuka,Gabor and Marika. Last but not least, many thanks to the best colleagues one can have on and backstage - Smrithi,Ophelia,Yasmeen,Elza,Matthew,Tori,Hubert and Morgane. Special thanks to the cast members who dedicated their time,efforts and support by being part of the team and being there for us during the three nights performances - Linsey,Shalini,Ivona,Vitoria, Emil, Chris, Suzan and Luna. To conclude, I would also like to thank the incredible team of The Arts Center and the NYUAD Theater Program. It was a great pleasure working and performing with all of you guys! Love ya xx "
"NYUAD has the most number of whiney-ass students crying "mental health problems" at the smallest inconvenience. Yeah, college is hard, classes are hard and you're never going to be the all-rounder you were in high school. Suck it up and deal with it. You're not depressed, you're making yourself a victim. Stop being such hypochondriac wusses and deal with life. "
"Typical NYUAD students "
"A very Happy Holidays reminder that your break just started, but it’s gonna end soon too "
"I hate myself; every now and then I take a vow to not eat KFC till  but I keep failing. What should I do? I am a disciplined person in the academics but not KFC "
"Still thinking of Ph.D. after graduation? "
"honestly I just want to express how grateful I am for this man, without him I would not be able to be so fortunate to go here, bc no matter how you feel about nyuad, you cannot deny how easy we have some stuff. "
"This is an appreciation post for all guy friends who don't want to hook up with their female friends! You are great friends, and I'm sure that extends beyond your ability to befriend a gender you are attracted to and not proclaim your love to them.  Sometimes, it takes someone telling you to leave your s/o for them because they love you… More and were always there for you, you know, like a good friend, for you to sit down and think about how grateful you are that not all of your guy friends want to sleep with you, even though this asshole made you feel like that for a little while.
Thanks to everyone who respects people. Just in general. Human decency. :) "
"I wish people wanted me as much as they want luggage scales and vacuum cleaners at the end of every semester. "
"To upperclassmen how do you deal with the winter break goodbyes, especially to those you won’t see until senior year? "
"it has only been one day. but i already miss campus and the people who were there so very much. i know we signed up knowing friends will be leaving all the time when we came here but i am really struggling anyway, knowing that so many people who are the reason i love nyuad will be gone "
"It might take a year. It might take a day. But what's meant to be will always find its way "
"Ladies, if he: -gets hard at inconvenient times -makes you cry at least once a week -keeps you from succeeding at your life plans -constantly fucks you over That's not your man. That's FoS "
"I wish I could reenact scenes from  shades of grey. Like the one that she got the job right out of college "
"just want to appreciate everyone who isn’t ecstatic about going home for winter break. maybe it’s an unsupportive, toxic or bigoted family, or maybe you feel safer or more provided for and comfortable on campus. I see you and appreciate you, and hope this break goes so much better than you could ever hope for.💗 "
"Yuki Chiu is the most wholesome person  on this campus. She is a living ball of sunshine and her hugs are only rivaled in warmth by her smile. She’s amazing and I’m honored to be her friend (even though she can be a little immature sometimes ;) ) "
"Gotta love hypocrisy of parents. "
"Can we please have campus dogs (instead of?/with the?) campus cats "
"nyuad students are really obsessed with campus cats "
"Life in NYUAD seems so temporary sometimes (you know what I mean right?), people study away, have internships and we all have new things springing up as the years continue to go by, which is a good thing but it's sad at the same time :(  To everyone, please take the time to appreciate the gems around you that continue  make your NYUAD experience worth it. Tag those gems < "
"It’s disappointing to fall for someone who doesn’t fall for you. But it’s a whole other feeling of hurt when you’re halfway with someone and realsie it. If you don’t want to be with someone, why don’t you just let them know? I hear so many of my friends especially male friends convince themselves they didn’t reallyyyyy do something wrong… More or didn’t reallyyyyy lead someone on all because the two involved weren’t an official Facebook couple after all. I mean who even does these Facebook updates anymore?
Seriously, what happened to human decency? I’m not talking about hookup situations where both people know or have commucated clearly what’s going on. But if you’re seeing someone especially repeatedly, you know they feel it more than you, you know you have no intention of anything, honestly how can you not take your position as the less emotionally attatched to show this person mercy and let them go? Is it difficult to offer them that kindness? Is it that easy to be lazy with other people’s emotional well-being all because you’re unsure or because to you it’s not that deep? "
"academic integrity is key 😤😤😤 "
"To Koki: You are an amazing inspiration and are cute and hot the same time. Thanks for sharing your life with me and thanks for being so honest. There are so many people that are way too insecure to admit that they have concerns, but not you. You are down to earth and approachable, you just made my day. You don't have to look to other people for answers, you are amazing in your own way! "
"The people who give the best relationship advice are usually the ones who are singles - Shoutout to all my single friends I don't know how I will survive without you. "
"Sion Hau is the most adorable human being ever and we must protect her at all costs "
"to all the sophomores and juniors studying abroad next semester, it's okay to message people who have studied away in your location and ask for help. going to a new place can be daunting, especially if you've gotten used to an old one. reach out, even if you just want help getting a sim card or wanna know where to get the cheapest… More groceries. we're more than happy to help. studying away can give a lot of anxiety and if knowing things in advance makes it easier, please please do it. have a wonderful semester away. hope you grow and learn and find happiness wherever you're going < "
"Shout out to D, thank you for existing. My life would be so much sadder and incomplete without you! You're the best thing in the universe, thanks! "
"Anna Pustovoit, you are honestly the cutest sweetest girl on campus. Seeing you literally makes my day! Thank you for blessing us with your presence! "
"Thought I’d end with an A, but it wasn’t a match. Wrote some songs about passing, now I listen and laugh. Even got extra credit, and for that I’m so thankful. Wish I could say thank you to quizlet, cause it was an angel. "
"Big round of applause for the StuGov programming board. You guys are amazing, high-energy, effective, and all round great at bringing us all together 💙 "
"shout out to the following seniors: Tami, Jacob, Leslie, Larayb, Giulia, Ghaniba, Rida, Nela, Mani, Lina, Mira, Ushna, Firas and Michael. You guys are some of the most empathetic and helpful people on this campus. Thank you for striving to make this community better. "
"The temporariness of this school is tearing me apart. There are just sooo many amazing people that you get to meet and know and love. It's killing me to know that there are some people I may never see again (shout out to the study aways.. you guys are amazing) and some I won't see for at least a year if not more (to all my friends I love… More you so much) and some people who will pass by before I even get to learn how great they are (to those people I respect you anyway). 
Just had to get that out there because with finals and packing and everything else I just wanted to remind everyone  not to forget to appreciate eachother. < "
"Every day is a good day to express how much we appreciate all the contract staff in the dining hall, library cafe, convenience store, and everywhere else on campus, but ESPECIALLY these days when they're spending extra hours working late to take care of us so we can do finals. So take an extra minute to thank them! We would really not be able to succeed without them, but they rarely get the thanks they deserve. Let's remember to let them know we see them, care for them, and appreciate them 💗 "
"sometimes, I wonder how people in this university have the audacity to call themselves "global leaders" when they cant even understand the one rule when it comes to laundry: dont stop the machine before the cycle ends because iT'S GONNA RESTART AND WILL CAUSE BOTH YOU AND THE OWNER EVEN MORE TROUBLE thank u for listening to my ted talk "
"Shout out to all the stuff in , library, convenient store and library cafe that stay late with us during finals!!! Honestly people should appreciate their work when we get late night snacks and research help after their usual working hours❤️❤️ "
"I'm sick and tired of y'all complaining about finals. You should pay attention in class, instead of trying to teach yourself a whole semester's worth of material like a week before the exam. "
"Ankita Sadarjoshi, I think you're ridiculously attractive and your vibe is beautiful. I regret not trying to get to know you this semester. "
"Honestly, I've struggled with finding other single gay/bi girls on this campus. I don't want something shallow, so I hesitate with using Tinder, but it's so hard to know whether someone is gay or just affectionate! But there are so many gorgeous girls "
" Sending love && support to people who have finals next week you guys are a few days from freedom. Stay Strong💜💙💚💛♥ "
"Seniors, don't ever let anyone tell you that you don't have time anymore and that you should make up your mind as to what you want to do post-graduation. Life does not surround about that moment of post-graduation, it is so much more. Take your time, take your time to figure out what you want to do, how you want to get there and most importantly, who you want to be. "
"When you go out drinking but need to wake up for your am final "
""Yeah...avoid everyone. Yeah." - My roommate talking in her sleep. Best advice. "
"honestly some upperclassmen have really helped me to feel like I belong here so thank you for that "
"We met at the wrong time. "
"Tala Nassar is soooo hot, wish I had found the opportunity to talk to her but now I’m going away next semester and she’ll graduate, urgh "
"Everyone can't wait for the semester to be over but I'm not really excited about winter break. It's not that I don't really want to spend time back at home but I just love it here. I'm not looking forward to leaving, even if it's for a few weeks. Especially since so many of my friends are going to be gone when I come back, and I won't see… More them for a year. Even though we have issues sometimes, I can't imagine this place without them...
In these last few days, please appreciate where you are and the people around you. I know we all have finals but make time to spend with your friends and make memories. grades aren't everything. Live in the moment instead of constantly thinking of the moment you'll get out of here. Go to events, celebrate holidays you have no business celebrating, go out once with your friends, take a break or two. Stop procrastination, do the work you need to get done everyday, and then enjoy yourself everyday. You can do it! "
"Ladies if he: - asks you how your day is going every day - supplies you with all of your needs - wants God to be a central part of your relationship - prays for you when you walk away
He is not your man. He is a Chef at the Grill. Please stop holding up the line "
"For each class I take  I make no mistake  Right away I look for dude  The Indian dude from Youtube "
Fos, Econometrics, Intro to CS, Engineering, SRPP: You name it and there will be an Indian dude… More ready to teach you! Major kudos to my Indian friends! You truly are Global and American pioneers when it comes to Education "
"Can I use my capstone budget to pay someone to do it for me? "
"I'm a senior who's gotten to know some incredible underclassmen in the past few weeks. Knowing that they're leaving to study away and I'll probably never see them again makes the idea of graduating seem even stranger and sadder. "
"My roommate has a duck alarm. It starts quacking every morning at am. He does not turn it off until :. What should I do? "
"Everything I like is either illegal, expensive or doesn't text back "
"I just wanted to take the time to say that Ayham is such a cutie. he gives the best hugs and always smells great. please give me the pleasure of letting me take you on a date  *that rhyme though* ;) "
"It truly is the most wonderful time of the year "
"Don't take the people around you for granted. Imagine not having someone to talk to about the weird stuff you talk about, not having someone that understands you to that extent, not having someone that cares about you and thinks about you all the time, not having someone that loves you unconditionally even after all that you've thrown at them. "
"SO much love for Mimi Filova - I admire you so much and seeing you brightens every day. I hope you always keep your spark and remember how fantastic you are. Cannot wait to see what future you gets up to! "
"Yeji Kwon is super cute and looks like a wonderful person! I wish she put her room number on pay it forward so I could get her some sweets (that are nothing compared to how sweet she is) ❤ "
"NYUAD students who flex on each other about how busy they are and make their friends schedule lunch dates on Google Calendar: weird flex but okay. Just realized that none of this is normal after I break out of the Saadiyat bubble. Signed, NYUAD grad with a job and actual adult responsibilities. "
"Oscar Sapkota, I am truly grateful for your existence. You are all-around amazing! "
"to lulu Zakia, you are an amazing soul and a beautiful human being. Love you beyond words. You are absolutely a treasure to this school. Enjoy PARIS! (@ Lulu's bf, don't be mad its just appreciation of her character) "
"Not a crush, not a compliment, I’m failing  classes and I hate my life please leave nice comments to encourage me to keep living thank you "
"Sree and Smrithi, you two are the CUTEST!! I love seeing you together 😀 "
"🙃🙃🙃 finals szn "
"Tala Asiri. Damn! You're like a little ghost pepper. Small but hot! "
"If there's Hungry@NYUAD, and a Lonely@NYUAD, how much longer till we get a Thirsty@NYUAD? (: "
"This is for all the Nepalis on campus; you guys are absolutely amazing and welcoming as a community. I have yet to interact with a single Nepali that I dislike. Props to you all for being so smart and humble and also for staying tight as a community. Love and hugs from the other side of the world. "
"Miren you are everything that is good in this world "
"Ladies, if he - is unreliable  - never respond in time - doesn't connect with you - frustrates you and makes you cry - never available when you need him most  - keeps making new changes that you don't understand He's not your man. He's NYU Net "
"Salote Veisamasama - you are the most beautiful girl on campus. Your smile brightens up my day every time I see you. You are graceful and kind and just amazing! I know I'm being selfish but I hope you don't have a person waiting for you back home..."
"All I want for Christmas is a boyfriend. And a dog. But my crush has a girlfriend, so just a dog, I guess. Oh wait, can't have pets in the room. Nevermind, Santa, please, just get me food then.  "
"Eliticism reaccs only "
"People will come and go. Events will come and go. Day and night will come and go. But a true love for yourself will always remain with you, if you nurture it. Always Love yourself! "
"To my suitemates, please don't leave me next semester :( "
"Prince, this campus would be an unhappy place without you. Thank you for existing! "
"Isa Rios is fabulous. "
"No NYUAD science major dies virgin. FOS Fucks em all "
"Just want to thank Daniel Dobaji for being the best freshman RA. He really eased the process of settling down in university and making me overcome my homesickness. We need more men like you "
"Hanaan!!! What a kind, sweet and wonderful girl you are! It has been an absolute pleasure to be your friend for the past year— honestly, there are few people I am more happy to run into on this campus.  I have a great admiration for your academic dedication and your willingness to listen to and provide support for your friends.  Our conversations are super funny (Rabaaaaa) and I always feel better after talking to you (I’m fairly sure this applies to others also).  Good luck for the rest of the semester and the comings ones as well! "
"Dining hall should serve KFC? Heart = Yes Like = No "
PS: Conducting a survey for the dining hall committee
"on the th day of Christmas NYUAD gave to me  panic attacks,  RA incidence reports,  missed group me messages,  hours of studying,  am classes,  rave alerts,  add/ drop forms,  group projects,  homework assignments,  examinations,  accumulative finals, and a rescheduled PE exam "
"When Stella sneeze she says Xu. "
"to the freshman with the name that nobody can remember (uljad) - you're one of the most hard-working people I know and I am very proud of you! keep being the annoying and hilarious person you are, sugah "
"Won't mention any names but congratulations to the Rhodes Scholarship recepients, you guys deserve it! To my other friends who are also damn qualified but unfortunately didn't get it, I hope it was still a valuable experience and that you don't feel down because of this. I know you won't because you have already overcome so much hardships and you are such a strong person that this won't change that. You all are so awesome I can't stop admiring you. Much love, a Class of  student < "
"Can I just say that Lachlan Pham is honestly one of the purest, most selfless people that I know. He's always making the people around him a little happier with his Aussie wit. And can we talk about that smile? Damn, breath-taking. Keep doing you Lachlan and strut your stuff ❤ "
"THEY DID SURGERY ON A GRAPE "
"I have a crush on sleep "
"Shoutout to Khulood Kittaneh, an absolutely amazing arabic professor. She's so sweet and invested in her students. She's honestly the only reason I'm still motivated to do well in her course at this point in the semester. I can't let her down! We need more professors who are that passionate about the growth of their students. "
"Is it normal to have  crushes at the same time? Gosh, I don't want to ask each of them out on this Wednesday "
"OK THAT'S IT. This Wednesday is official ask your crush out day. Stop being shy. "
"To all the boys (and girls) cheating on their long distance significant others, you are trash and karma will get you good. "
"Seems so legit "
" I can’t seem to focus on academics because the lack of a significant other is really really affecting my mental health. I have a good group of friends and my life is put together but recently I’ve been feeling very lonely. I’m not sure if anyone here has experienced this and could share their thoughts. I really want to focus but having no one to cuddle with, to share food, to stare into each other’s eyes and forget about everything... is really making me sad. It’s making me doubt my self-worth and I feel like I am unloveable. "
"I am driven by H A T E "
"The moment when you realize you're in toxic relationship with the library - you know well it's not healthy, but still can't get outta it. "
"Love how if the bros start feeling their vibe and start having egos we need to accept we are 's, but if a girl does it everybody is like "you go girl", "queen". Bitch you look like a potato. Fuck outta here. "
"lol at how all the straight guys here think they're so fit and attractive because of the lack of straight guys at nyuad. like boy, you may think you're an  here but trust me, outside of nyuad you're a strong . y'all need to stop being so egocentric. y'all ain't that special, trust me "
"Can we all please take a moment to appreciate Meg Hoffmann 😍😍the brightest smile, sweetest heart, and isn’t she HOTTTT....if you read this Meg I want you to know you’re my dream girl ❤️ "
"So this guy likes me and I CLEARLY like him back but he isn't making the first move. Hi crush, if you see this please ask me out. I like you a lot. "
 ife of an engineering student "
"Yo honestly shoutout to all RAs on call. Being startled awake in the middle of the night to deal with stupid-ass things is a pretty thankless job. Genuinely don’t think they want to be in that position anymore than the people involved. Thank your RA the next time you see them! "
"Maya Morsli has such an attractive brain. "
"Snoozes alarm for a th time. "
"At this point, the only hope I have at finding love in this place is the guys coming back in spring. To those guys, I hope you're hot, have a good personality, like to cuddle, and are straight. Please and thank you. :D "
"I wish someone loved me as much as d loves Beyonce and Bruno Mars "
"This is too LOUD Turn down the volume reaccs only "
"Overheard at D: FoS girl: “Wow those cats have the same design." Man: “Yeah they must have been made with the same formula. ”
" hear you, the voice With its trembles and quakes As you watch without choice As your sanity breaks
Your plea to feel useful And full of potential Is met with refusal As inconsequential
I hear you, the silence Your lungs without air As you’re searching for guidance From those who don’t care 
Who can’t see from the top That which lies deep within Where identity stops And the mask may begin
I hear you, the burning To share what you fear And your stomach that’s churning… More
"Multicultural reaccss only "
"@Adnan Wassim Ali-Hassan you're such a joy to have around! :D Keep being your great self!! "
"Can we all just take a moment to appreciate what amazing job all the outstanding people behind the Student Theater Production did such as the incredible Creative/Design Team - the wonderful directors Ethan and Vicky, the one of a kind stage managers Lily & Isabel, the awesome lightning and sound designers Zain,Ayesha,Sreerag and Shin Won… More Kim; and, of course - my personal favorites - the best costume designers ever Shenuka,Gabor and Marika. Last but not least, many thanks to the best colleagues one can have on and backstage - Smrithi,Ophelia,Yasmeen,Elza,Matthew,Tori,Hubert and Morgane. Special thanks to the cast members who dedicated their time,efforts and support by being part of the team and being there for us during the three nights performances - Linsey,Shalini,Ivona,Vitoria, Emil, Chris, Suzan and Luna. To conclude, I would also like to thank the incredible team of The Arts Center and the NYUAD Theater Program.  It was a great pleasure working and performing with all of you guys!  Love ya xx "
"When you never got out of the high school try hard phase "
"Stem reacs only "
"Cassandra Canadian sophomore, you’re beautiful inside out. ❤️ "
"being a global leader is when no part of your flesh is asian but being tagged in subtle asian traits posts cuz you hang out with asians too often that youve become one of them "
"Will forever be grateful towards Brian Wu, probably one of the most caring people on campus. "
"Dalia Karpauskaite, I saw you today wearing an abaya in D. OMG YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY STUNNING! "
"me in FOS next semester "
"I spent the last couple of hours contemplating why May Baho doesn't have a profile picture on facebook. I think that can be a capstone project on its entirety. Do you agree?
Heart = YES Like = YES "
"To the roommates who constantly clean up after everyone’s mess: I feel for you and I know how much it sucks.  I am honestly so sick of being the one to take out the trash, wash the dishes, scrub the floor, vacuum, etc. I don’t understand how some people live like pigs and just expect someone else to clean up after them. It’s disgusting.… More Especially when you leave food rotting on your table or in your fridge, it’s incredibly unhygienic, just seriously learn to clean up after yourselves PLEASE. And just take a moment to thank that one roommate who quietly cleans up your mess because when you’re a neat freak who lives with pigs it’s awful. "
"nyuad student on thursday night, truly embracing foreign culture" (colorised ) "
"Overheard on the high line:  Girlfriend: The weather’s perfect today.  Boyfriend: You know what else is perfect?  Girlfriend: Me? Aww Boyfriend: No, me.  HAHAHAHAH "
"Shoutout to all the Mohammeds here❤️ Gotta be tough to have the same name as  other people on campus "
"one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain
